moneyhags Ziying Jian, Faiza Huda, Nina Jiang
APCS
HW03 -- Codify the Revisions/BinaryDecimal/Expressing ALGOS and Binary Discussion
2021-09-23

0. “Base” in “base-x number system” is the number of different combinations of digits in a system of counting. To understand how computer processes works, it’s important for us to understand the different base systems that makes these processes happen. Such as, base-2 is more used in information storage, whereas base-16 (hexadecimal) can be used to denote colors.

1. Binary makes computing easier because with only two states (on/off), or 0 and 1. In decimal, you need to remember ten digits — in binary, only two. It reduces the number of actual operations that the machine has to perform. If there are more intermediate states, the simplest operations become unnecessarily complicated. It also makes arithmetic operations easier. 

2. Binary to Decimal
OUR ALGO:
Let p be the index of each digit in number. Let p increase by an increment of 1 after every loop until it is one less than the length of the number. Then, from the right, raise 2 to the power of p and multiply the result by the corresponding binary digit. Store the sum of the values in SUM and return SUM once the number is fully indexed.

In layman’s terms:
Take each digit starting from the right. Note the position the digit is in with the first digit from the right being in 0th position. Multiply digit by 2 raised to the power of its position. Do this until you have reached the end to the number. Add up all the products.


3. Decimal to Binary
OUR ALGO: 
Assign an empty string called INITIAL and OUTPUT. Create a while loop while NUMBER is greater than zero, divide the NUMBER by 2. If there is a remainder, insert 1 into INITIAL. If not, insert 0. Reassign the initial value of NUMBER to its current value after every loop. After the lop ends, use a FOR loop that reads the index of INITAL backwards, and inserts each digit into OUTPUT. This will flip the binary to read from left to right.

In layman’s terms:
First divide the number by 2. While noting and setting aside the remainder (even if it’s a 0), continuously divide the quotient by 2 until the quotient is 0. Write the remainders from the bottom to top. Congrats, you just figured out decimal form!
