Feorge: Lauren Lee, ted, Ziying Jian, pinky, Andrey Sokolov, geez
APCS
L08: America's Next Top Data Scientist
2022-04-04
time spent: 1.5 hr

DISCO:
- how to use classpath
- how to manipulate data from outsourced website
QCC:
- Why did module3 need an arraylist?
- Why do we need a scanner?
- Why is classpath so complicated
- Why do we need sinbad? and What is sinbad?


Activity 1:
1. Piazza, StuyCS.org, Youtube
2. StuyCS -- nothing
Piazza -- registration information, university/school name
Youtube -- watch time, email, search history

3. A delimiter is a charter that seperates text strings like "," or ";". It is necessary to seperate data that is delimited.
4. All the data in one column is the same type, which is represented by the first row of the column

5. Tennis and chinese food
6. How many grand slams have Djokovic, Nadal, and Federer won?
What is the least eaten chinese food in the world?
-- modified to What is my grandma's recipe to make white cut chicken?

7. Both from kaggle.com
a. ATP matches
b. Federer vs. Djokovic vs. Nadal -- Whi is the GOAT?
8.
a. 882 columns
b. 917 columns

9. The data can make suggesting relevant content to musers more accurate. The data can be also be used in studies pertaining to people who use the service.
10. They are a collection of data sets provided by ATP.
11. Yes because if I need to go to the hospital, I'd rather want them to know about my past medical history even if it invades my privacy.

Acitivty 2:
1. Cereal
2. What's the most encouraging thing happening in your life right now?
3. public class Cereal
4. 7 instance variables
5. _type - charter
_calories -- int
_nutrition -- int[]
_shelf -- int
_weight -- _double
_cups -- double
_rating -- _double
_name -- String

8. Which is the healthiest cereal?
9. Name of the Cereal
10. make a _name instance variable

Activity 3:
1. Temperature at Atlanta, Hartsfield is 59F
2. PHSF -- Hawaii
3. Hawaii 65F
4. 48
5. By the wind speed
6. Pago Pago, AS, Samoa -- NSTU

7. What is the id of the weather stations? What is the west most weather station?
8. Not a lot.
